build/app/code/community/Symmetrics/TrustedRating                   app/code/community/Symmetrics/TrustedRating
build/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/trustedrating.xml app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/trustedrating.xml
build/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/trustedrating   app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/trustedrating
build/app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/trustedrating.xml     app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/trustedrating.xml
build/app/design/frontend/base/default/template/trustedrating       app/design/frontend/base/default/template/trustedrating
build/app/etc/modules/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.xml                  app/etc/modules/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.xml
build/app/locale/de_AT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_AT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/de_AT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_AT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/de_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/de_LI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_LI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/en_US/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/en_US/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_BO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_BO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_CO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_CO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_DO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_DO/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_ES/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_ES/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_HN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_HN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_NI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_NI/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_PE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_PE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_PY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_PY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_US/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_US/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_VE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_VE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_CA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_CA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_FR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_FR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_MC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_MC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/pl_PL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/pl_PL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/de_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/de_DE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_DE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/de_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/de_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_AR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_AR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_CL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_CL/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_CR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_CR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_EC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_EC/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_GT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_GT/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_MX/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_MX/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_PA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_PA/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_PR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_PR/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_SV/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_SV/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/es_UY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/es_UY/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_BE/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_CH/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_LU/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
build/app/locale/fr_SN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv                 app/locale/fr_SN/Symmetrics_TrustedRating.csv
